Distribute shadow map update over multiple frames to reduce stutter (#11422)
minetest/minetest: builtin/settingtypes.txt

#    On true translucent nodes cast colored shadows. This is expensive.
shadow_map_color (Colored shadows) bool false

> #    Use this number of frames to update map shadows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#    Spread update of shadow map over this amount of frames.
```
